There are so many underworld soldiers out there
You bastard
We almost got killed by you
You didn't die
Tell me what's going on.
What are you?
How dare you judge me?
I am Song Xun.
Song Xun
Detective 5 Song Xun
Lord Song, please save my family
Xiao Oda Er is my ex-girlfriend
You should be his missing brother for many years, right?
It's all my fault for being obsessed with money
Exploited by the cold winter
Killed my unborn sister
For that illusory life
How many families have been destroyed?
I heard the hair sheriff tell me who was up there
What ceremony is going to be held?
He must investigate
It didn't take long for him to die, so it was my brother
You know my brother?
Someone tried to kill me after your brother died
After hiding for so many years, they still won't let me go
They will definitely find my family
We're getting closer to the truth.
Brother, I will avenge you soon.
Since I have 5 seats
I won't sit back and do nothing
Tell me what's the secret of this wind and rain temple
I don't know.
But I saw it the other day
A monk came down with a child he had just captured
I guess it might be where they hold people
I saw it just now.
The child's body was sealed on the Buddha statue
OK
What are you?
I see it's black down here.
Just pick up a stick for self-defense
This is not a stick.
This is human bone